[Az.KeyVault] Security domain Upload Split (#22671)
Azure/azure-powershell: src/KeyVault/KeyVault/ChangeLog.md

        - Additional information about change #1
-->
## Upcoming Release

> * Splitted steps of `Import-AzKeyVaultSecurityDomain` to avoid exposing keys online.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Supported splitting `Import-AzKeyVaultSecurityDomain` process into three steps to allow keys to be hidden offline.
```
